feat!: Support Django 4.2 (#865)
googleapis/python-spanner-django: README.rst

           }
       }

  Transaction support in autocommit mode
  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

>   We have started supporting transactions in autocommit mode by default for V4.2
>   while they are not supported in prior versions (i.e. V3.2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Django version 4.2 and higher by default supports transactions in autocommit mode.
  A transaction is automatically started if you define an
  [atomic block](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/topics/db/transactions/#controlling-transactions-explicitly).
  
  Django version 3.2 and earlier did not support transactions in autocommit mode with Spanner.
  You can enable transactions in autocommit mode with Spanner with the
  `ALLOW_TRANSACTIONS_IN_AUTO_COMMIT` configuration option.
```

  - To override supporting transactions in autocommit mode in V3.2 please enable
  the flag "ALLOW_TRANSACTIONS_IN_AUTO_COMMIT" with value True in your
  settings.py file.

>   - To override disabling transactions in autocommit mode in V4.2 please disable
>   the flag "ALLOW_TRANSACTIONS_IN_AUTO_COMMIT" with value False in your
>   settings.py file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - To disable transactions in autocommit mode in V4.2, set
  the flag "ALLOW_TRANSACTIONS_IN_AUTO_COMMIT" to False in your
  settings.py file.
```
